# Announce: Rakudo Star Release 2019.11

## A useful and usable production distribution of Raku

## Core Updates

The most notable update is that Perl 6 has been renamed to Raku. This means many
other name-related nomenclature has changed in this release. This includes the
following changes:

 * The executable has been renamed from `perl6` to `raku`.
 * The preferred file suffix for Raku files is `.raku` for modules, `.rakudoc`
     for documentation, and `.rakutest` for tests.

Other Core Improvements since the 2019.03.1 release include:
 
 * TBD

## Module Updates

### DBIish

 * The mysql native library now preloads if possible
 * Better error handling for Pg
 * Now depends on JSON::Tiny
 * SQLite connect now accepts IO::Path args.

### Getopt::Long

 * The `f` format now uses `Num` rather than `Real`
 * The `o` format is an alias for `i`
 * Some improved and simplified usage of various parts of the API
 * Improved exception handling.
 * A `getopt` sub trait has been added.

### JSON::Fast

 * The `:!pretty` option ensures only a single line of output.
 * Now supports multiple documents in a single file.
 * Empty arrays/hashes are formatted smaller in pretty output.

### Additional Module Updates Include

 * JSON::Class now permits `:sorted-keys` argument.
 * JSON::Marshal now permits `:sorted-keys` argument.
 * License::SPDX has been updated to list 3.7.
 * Linenoise has been updated.
 * META6 has been updated.
 * Pod::To::HTML has been updated.
 * prove6 now supports the `.rakutest` file suffix.
 * DateTime::Parse has been updated.
 * Debugger::UI::CommandLine has been updated.
 * HTTP::UserAgent has been updated. 
 * File::Directory::Tree has been updated.
 * Pod::Load has been updated.
 * Test::Output has been updated.
 * Encode has been updated.
 * LWP::Simple has been updated.
 * TAP has added lower volume levels.
 * Test::Mock has been updated.
 * URI is now a mutable object.
 * zef has been updated.
